while returning to his ship on foot with
the child in tow the mandalorian
is ambushed by a trio of trandoshan
warriors
he disintegrates one attempting to rush
and kill the child
revealing a tracking fob upon returning
to the ship
he finds a team of jawas scavenging it
for parts
after a short battle they retreat in
their sandcrawler
[Music]
and stun the mandalorian unconscious
with ion blasts
he returns to his ship finding it
stripped bare and all of his weaponry
stolen
with the assistance of cuil he
grudgingly bargains with the jawas to
return his ship's parts in return for
retrieving the egg of a mudhorn
a large-horned beast
[Music]
the mandalorian locates and gets thrown
around and battered by one such mudhorn
at its den
as the beast charges to finish the
mandalorian his weapons failing and his
arm are heavily damaged
the child uses the force to lift it
allowing the mandalorian
to go for the kill
[Music]
he returns with the egg and the jaws cut
it open and eat its contents
[Music]
he and cuille repair his ship after
which coil turns down the mundlarians
offer of reward and crewing his ship
after parting as friends the mandalorian
takes to space and the child wakes for
the first time after exhausting itself
using the force
[Music]
you